gh-144087: Add support for unicode MINUS SIGN in `int`, `float` and `complex` (#144095)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

   alternative conversions.

(4)
   float also accepts the strings "nan" and "inf" with an optional prefix ASCII plus

>    sign "+" or ASCII hyphen minus "-" or Unicode minus sign "−" (U+2212) for Not a Number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   float also accepts the strings "nan" and "inf" with an optional prefix
   sign "+" or "-" or Unicode minus sign "−" (U+2212) for Not a Number
```
